Update max_open_trades documentation (#3096)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/configuration.md

|  Parameter | Description |
|------------|-------------|

> | `max_open_trades` | **Required.** Number of open trades your bot is allowed to have. Only one open trade per pair is possible, so the lenght of your whitelist another limitation which can apply. If -1 then it is ignored (i.e. potentially unlimited open trades). [More information below](#configuring-amount-per-trade).<br> **Datatype:** Positive integer or -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max_open_trades` | **Required.** Number of open trades your bot is allowed to have. Only one open trade per pair is possible, so the length of your whitelist another limitation which can apply. If -1 then it is ignored (i.e. potentially unlimited open trades). [More information below](#configuring-amount-per-trade).<br> **Datatype:** Positive integer or -1.
```

> | `max_open_trades` | **Required.** Number of open trades your bot is allowed to have. Only one open trade per pair is possible, so the length of your whitelist another limitation which can apply. If -1 then it is ignored (i.e. potentially unlimited open trades). [More information below](#configuring-amount-per-trade).<br> **Datatype:** Positive integer or -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max_open_trades` | **Required.** Number of open trades your bot is allowed to have. Only one open trade per pair is possible, so the length of your pairlist is another limitation which can apply. If -1 then it is ignored (i.e. potentially unlimited open trades, limited by the pairlist). [More information below](#configuring-amount-per-trade).<br> **Datatype:** Positive integer or -1.
```
